Okay,
guys.
So now we're going to speak about the worksheet deactivate event.
Okay,
so the works you deactivate event gets triggered whenever you just deactivate a worksheet.
So I've created a worksheet here called the Activate Event,
and we're actually gonna write some code that's gonna be triggered whenever this worksheet
is deactivated.
Okay,
So I'm gonna go to a developer,
Tom,
on the ribbon and click on visual Basic.
I can also hit Colton F 11 on my keyboard.
Gonna make sure I'm in the deactivate event worksheet here by double clicking it.
And then I'm gonna from this menu,
I'm going to select worksheet and from this menu here for the event I'm gonna select
Deactivate.
Okay,
I'm gonna delete the selection change event because I'm not going to use it,
okay?
And weaken,
write a message box.
That would appear would just say goodbye when ivory just deactivate the worksheet.
Okay.
I'm gonna deactivate the deactivate event worksheet and activate.
Maybe the worksheet activate event as you can see her.
I had a message box says goodbye and actually,
another message boxes well has appeared.
And for the which is for the activation off the worksheet activate eventually.
Okay,
so this is how it works.
Simply you just deactivate the worksheet,
and whatever code you write would be triggered.
Okay,
guys.
So we're gonna have another practical application here for the works to deactivate events
selling this.
Ah,
dashboard as well.
That is a simple dashboard on my dashboard scores.
Whenever I deactivate the dashboard worksheet,
the ribbon gets shown again.
OK,
so this is because I've got a worksheet deactivate event that just calls a macro cold show
ribbon,
which is this one here that shows the ribbon.
Okay,
so I'm gonna include that for you as well In the example Workbook.
Ok,
so it's another packed practical application,
something that you can do in the real world with work.
She deactivate event,
and there are many,
many in numerous applications for that.
Okay,
so thank you guys for watching this video.
I'll see on the next one.